hello YouTube it's Al's with a 101 and
the newest vertical docking station from
penstocks is finally arrived and I'm
pretty excited this video is going to be
my unbox setup and review to be specific
this model is for the 15-inch MacBook
Pro Retina and it is the metal edition
let's get started okay so I haven't even
taken it out of the cardboard shipping
box so I'm going to go ahead and take it
out now on the top here we have our
shipping invoice a little bit of paper
packing for shipping and we have a very
good-looking box on one side they show a
pretty cool setup for entertainment
system nice little diagram for setup and
then another cool stock photo - Apple
Thunderbolt displays okay one of the
first things I noticed is they use
really high quality packaging kudos to
henge docks because no one wants to open
up your latest tech gadget wrapped in
duct tape and newspaper first thing we
have here is the user guide and now we
have our actual dock
the finish is really good and matches
perfectly with the rest of my Apple
products if you tip it over to its side
you'll see all the cables pre-installed
bundled nicely I'm going to go ahead and
take a second and remove all these
twisty ties
originally I was concerned of the
quality of the cables I was going to
find pre-installed in the dock I was
happy to be surprised with cables that
were of high quality and definitely long
enough to be used on a desk or
entertainment center okay so it came
with a couple different sleeves for
MagSafe adapters I'm going to go ahead
and end up using adapter D we also came
with a couple off screws for changing
out the display ports with Thunderbolt
cables to begin installation the first
thing you're going to want to do is
remove the hex key I had a little bit of
trouble with mine and ended up using a
screwdriver to pry it out now peel the
tape off the hex screw and use your hex
key to loosen this off or completely
remove it
slide the sleeve over your MagSafe power
adapter and slide it into the power port
it's kind of hard to tell how far you
need to put this connector in but I
inserted mine until the sleeve was flush
with the inside of the dock now I can go
ahead and tighten the screw back down
and hold the power connector now I can
see everything lines up nicely and ready
for our next step which is cable
organizing the back of the docking
station comes with some really nice
slots and grooves which help you keep
the rear of it organized
I'm going to go ahead and test fit my
laptop in and out before I start
connecting things it fits great and
you'll hear distinctive noise when it's
fully connected removing it from the
dock isn't as difficult as most people
have said I just put one hand on the
dock and grab the laptop off with the
other now we have the henge dock all
connected let's go ahead and test it up
okay
sweet
I would say setup was pretty easy
definitely not one of the hardest things
I've done and it looks pretty good on
the desk after using the docking station
for a whole day
I can already say definitely one by one
it really makes a ducking process a lot
more transparent and less time-consuming
I was a little weary at first about
buying it because friends in the past
have told me they didn't like the
plastic builds before or that their old
connector status were kind of weird but
I definitely recommend this model I used
to kind of shy away from work at my desk
because it just took too long the fine
cords and connect my SuperDrive or lot
of displays and charger but now they
have to do is drop your laptop in the
docking station and you're good to go
some people have previously told me that
running your MacBook and clamshell mode
can cause it to overheat I'm pretty sure
this is a rumor that originated with
updated Mac books because I can honestly
say I haven't heard my fan Rev up once
and this is with doing things like
rendering or compiling code so I'm sure
this is fine for every day user they
also have some pretty good ventilation
on the back so there's nothing to worry
about a couple of small things that I
really like about the way this laptop
and docking station work together are
that you have SD card slot and another
USB connected readily available this is
great for things like connecting a flash
drive or transferring photos off your
camera because you don't have to take it
out of clamshell mode or have USB hub in
the back so if you've been considering
purchasing this dock I say definitely go
for it get the metal Edition you won't
regret it I delight in it thanks for
watching my video and I hope it answered
I'm going to pad please comment and
subscribe